First, I'd like to address some
questions that I see in chat.
So Dimitri asks,
would it be correct to say that if I
say that generics used are used
more often when we write libraries.
So Dimitri asks,
are generics more appropriate
to use in libraries versus app code?
I don't really think that it hinges on
whether your code is library or
app related.
For example, I know of many apps
that have use of generics in their
data layer where they might have
some concept of record type.
Maybe if they're hitting
like a SQL database,
they have a primary key that's always ID,
and they want some predictable pathway for
going to fetch some information
using generics and app code.
In that area it's quite common.
I would say the more reusable,
the more reusability is a concern,
the more you're gonna want to
Leverages generics for that purpose.
Yeah, libraries tend to
get reused quite often.
But it's not limited to libraries for
sure.
Leslie asks,
I feel like generics can easily see him so
complex because everyone's using
random non-expressive letters.
To represent types,
is that considered the standard?
There is no standard, I would say it's
the norm to use these capital letters
starting with T, but that is
a leftover remnant from the C++ days.
Sort of started in C++
with template classes, and
then made its way into generics and
Java and C-sharp.
And now it's sort of this pattern that
everyone who's used this concept before in
other languages,
they're used to doing it that way.
I do 100% agree with you though.
That, we don't like single letter
variable names for values.
Why are we cool with single
letter names for types?
That's a very fair point.
The good news is there's nothing that
stops you from giving these more
meaningful names, although you're going
to come across a lot of code that just
sort of has these very abstract letters.
That make it difficult to
sort of read the code,
and understand what the intent
of the developer was.
That's a totally fair point.
>> We see here like we
use this extractor type,
special type from the library,
is this equivalent to the end operator?
We use the model at the beginning
with the key off date we combined and
to extract on it the case on it, is
extract basically doing the same thing or
is there a difference?
>> That is a very, good point.
So, there, I'm not sure if there
are a 100% the same, but it's true that.
The, it's true that
the intersection type operator,
that end type does accomplish
things that are also possible
using this syntax,
with this arrangement of things.
Now, I think you might
get some side effects.
But like in some cases, I'm reluctant
to say that it will always work.
But that's a very,
very good point you bring up.
I think,
logically it makes a lot of sense.
You're trying to get, the portion
of one type that also is assignable
to another type it would seem
that's what we're dealing with.
I just don't want to unfirmed say,
yes they're absolutely the same thing.
But they seem like there could be.
This obviously you can't
do with the end and the or
would not give it to you either.
Does that make sense?
>> Yes.
>> So this exclude is sort of like the end
to end it's useful to have a generic
that will do that for you.
And by the way, you're also going to
see that there are things in fact,
we're about to talk
about the infer keyword.
There are things that
make it beneficial to
use type params and to use a generic for
extraction of some subpart
of a type from another type.
So I think you'll see a rationale for
why it makes sense to do this shortly.